h1. Summary
{panel}
* *Status:* {excerpt}Sort documents by Modified date and creation date doesn't work{excerpt}
* *CCP Issue:* [CCP-508@JIRA], Product Jira Issue: [ECM-5485@JIRA]
* *Complexity:* N/A
{panel}

h1. The Proposal

h2. Problem description
{panel}
*What is the problem to fix?*
* In File Explorer: impossible to sort documents by Modified/Created date.
{panel}

h2. Fix description
{panel}
*How is the problem fixed?*
* &nbsp;In UIJCRExplorer, there is a method called sort(List<Node> childrenList). It receives a list of nodes, then orders that list by using one of the Preferences like Preference.SORT_BY_AUDITING or Preference.SORT_BY_VERSIONABLE etc... The problem was the method didn't sort the given list by SORT_BY_CREATED_DATE or SORT_BY_MODIFIED_DATE when required.
* Therefore, this bug was fixed by adding two more IF ELSE blocks to check and sort the list of nodes by Preference.SORT_BY_CREATED_DATE and Preference.SORT_BY_MODIFIED_DATE.
{panel}

*Patch information:*
{panel}

Patches files:
ECM-5485.patch
{panel}

h2. Tests to perform

{panel}
*Which test should have detect the issue?*
\* To reproduce the problem:
# Under File Explorer go to sites management.
# Unde acme/documents select the preference setting.
# Try to sort document by modified date/created date with ascending or descending order.
Observation: Sort doesn't work.

*Is a test missing in the TestCase file?*
\*

*Added UnitTest?*
\*

*Recommended Performance test?*
\*

{panel}

h2. Documentation changes

{panel}
*Where is the documentation for this feature?*
\*

*Changes Needed:*
\*

{panel}

h2. Configuration changes

{panel}
*Is this bug changing the product configuration?*
\*

*Describe configuration changes:*
\*

*Previous configuration will continue to work?*
\*

{panel}

h2. Risks and impacts

{panel}
*Is there a risk applying this bug fix?*
\*

*Can this bug fix have an impact on current client projects?*
\*

*Is there a performance risk/cost?*
\*

{panel}


h1. Validation By PM & Support

{panel}
*PM Comment*
\*VALIDATED BY PM
{panel}

{panel}
*Support Comment*
\*Patch validated by Support Team
{panel}


h1. QA Feedbacks

{panel}
*Performed Tests*
\*

{panel}
{panel}
{panel} 
